istioctl analyze messages documentation (#5291)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/config/analysis/ist0105/index.md

layout: analysis-message
---

This message occurs regarding a pod when:

* Automatic sidecar injection is enabled (default enabled unless explicitly

>   disabled via the helm template variable `sidecarInjectorWebhook.enabled`)

Reviewer: We've purged helm stuff out of the doc set. @frankbu can provide the replacement text to use here.

Author: fixed

>   disabled via the helm template variable `sidecarInjectorWebhook.enabled`)

Reviewer 2: @ostromart please correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems to me that there are now 3 different config parameters that can be set to disable sidecar injection:

1. autoInjection.enabled=false
2. autoInjection.injector.enabled=false
3. values.sidecarInjectorWebhook.enabled=false

So I would recommend just changing this to say "disabled during installation".

```suggestion
  disabled during installation)
```

Reviewer 3: Yes, that's correct. We do have multiple knobs to do the same thing for the time being due to helm passthrough support - these will be eliminated in the next couple of releases.

Author: fixed

sidecar must be recreated to allow the new version of the sidecar to be
injected.

To resolve this problem, update the sidecar version by redeploying your application
using your normal rollout strategy. For a Kubernetes deployment:

> * If you're using Kubernetes version 1.15 or above, you can run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you're using Kubernetes 1.15 or later, you can run
```

Author: I'll suggest using the word "higher" instead. I'm planning to propose that our style guide prescribe using  lower/higher instead of earlier/later older/newer when referring to version numbers, because version doesn't always align to the time dimension. For example, Istio version history where 1.2.7 released after 1.3.2, etc.

Author: fixed
